1. 
Job Description: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/tailscale/jobs/4443896005

Role: Platform Engineer (Software Engineer)
Location: Remote (United States)
Company: Tailscale

Job Description

We’re seeking a skilled and diligent full-time Software Engineer to join our growing team. You will work as part of the engineering team to:

    Develop the Tailscale product, contributing to client code and related services.
    Bring a special focus to developing features related to user identity, enabling secure access, authentication, and sharing.

Because we’re an early-stage and fully remote company, we’re looking for a strongly motivated individual who can help move the product forward. The ability to think on your feet, collaborate with highly technical teams, and comfort working asynchronously are essential.

Responsibilities:

With the team, you’ll succeed with these sorts of goals:

    Work as part of a team of engineers to design and build core backend software components
    Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources
    Set direction and goals for the team regarding project impact, product quality and engineering efficiency
    Develop features that support a broad range of sign-on options, such as SSO, OAuth2, SAML, and WebAuthn
    Develop and maintain features to synchronize users and groups from IdPs

Requirements:

    Experience with distributed systems
    Experience with one or more SQL databases
    Familiarity with authentication/authorization protocols and frameworks such as OAuth2, OIDC, SSO, SAML, and vendors such as Okta/Auth0
    Familiarity with networks (IP addressing, routing, etc.)
    Ability to give and process constructive feedback, as well as work independently
    Flexibility to adjust to the dynamic nature of a startup
    Ability to join an on call rotation, after becoming familiar with the platform
    Most of the non-front-end portions of the system are developed in the Go programming language. Experience with Go is a plus.


2.
Cover Letter
● Show you understand the organization’s needs and priorities
● Persuasively demonstrate how your qualifications meet those needs
● Use style and voice to introduce yourself as a skilled communicator and viable colleague
● “Unpack” the resume through memorable examples and organization-specific appeals











3.
Resume
A one-page resume that presents your most relevant professional experiences, academic pursuits,
skills, and other accomplishments. To highlight the fit between you and the position, be strategic
about the document’s content and organization. Use key terms, quantifiable results, active verbs,
and clear descriptions. Your resume must include a strong, concise “Objective” statement. If you
consult a resume template, you must significantly adapt the design for this project and include a
copy of the original template with your final submission.









